Update doc for Docker in the rootless mode (#684)
Deep-MI/FastSurfer: doc/overview/EXAMPLES.md

* The `--gpus` flag is used to allow Docker to access GPU resources. With it, you can also specify how many GPUs to use. In the example above, _all_ will use all available GPUS. To use a single one (e.g. GPU 0), set `--gpus device=0`. To use multiple specific ones (e.g. GPU 0, 1 and 3), set `--gpus 'device=0,1,3'`.
* The `-v` commands mount your data, output, and directory with the FreeSurfer license file into the docker container. Inside the container these are visible under the name following the colon (in this case /data, /output, and /fs_license). 
* The `--rm` flag takes care of removing the container once the analysis finished. 

> * The `--user $(id -u):$(id -g)` part automatically runs the container with your group- (id -g) and user-id (id -u). All generated files will then belong to the specified user. Without the flag, the docker container will be run as root which is discouraged. However, if you use Docker in the **rootless mode** with your group- and user-id, FastSufer does not have the write permission for the output directory. For the rootless mode, you should set `--user 0` and add the `--allow_root` flag. There will be no write permission issue for the output directory and you will be the owner of files created by FastSurfer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `--user $(id -u):$(id -g)` part automatically runs the container with your group- `id -g` and user-id `id -u`. All generated files will then belong to the specified user. Setting a user id is required! Running docker as root is discouraged. Note, that in the **rootless mode**, the operating system implements the translation to *your* user- and group id. Therefore, for rootless mode,  you must set `--user 0` and add the FastSurfer `--allow_root` flag!
```
